What are you doing?
Who allowed you to come in without knocking?
Sirius, you misunderstood.
It's Mr. Shen who is afraid that you won't eat
Let me bring you food
This Woman
Does Mr. Shen still need someone to supervise his meals?
You don't need someone to feed you, do you?
Hello
Is the Song family girl here?
You give grandpa face
I have dinner tonight
Don't worry about it.
Come slowly
Ok boss
Xu Xi after tonight
I see how you still feel
Humph
You don't drink well
Just give me the wine you can't push away in a while
Strange how he knew I wasn't a good drinker
I heard last night that you had a date with Rosen
They're all old friends, don't mind being together?
Up to you.
Yo, Mr. Shen
Which one of these hugs is authentic?